Describe how to distinguish DTLS 1.2 and DTLS 1.3 connections. Fixes … (#197)
tlswg/dtls13-spec: draft-ietf-tls-dtls13.md

Fixed Bits:
: The three high bits of the first byte of the DTLSCiphertext header are set to
  001. This ensures that the value will fit within the DTLS region when
  multiplexing is performed as described in {{?RFC7983}}. It also ensures
  that it is possible to distinguish encrypted DTLS 1.3 records from

>   encrypted DTLS 1.2 records when they are carried on the same host/port quartet;

Reviewer: (Do we care about "host/port quartet" vs. "5-tuple"?  I don't think I do...)

>   multiplexing is performed as described in {{?RFC7983}}. It also ensures
>   that it is possible to distinguish encrypted DTLS 1.3 records from
>   encrypted DTLS 1.2 records when they are carried on the same host/port quartet;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  multiplexing is performed as described in {{?RFC7983}}. It also ensures
  that distinguishing encrypted DTLS 1.3 records from encrypted DTLS 1.2 
  records is possible when they are carried on the same host/port quartet;
```
